I ran into major issues with this lab.

First, I wasted about 3 hours thinking I wasn't understanding Bootstrap at all,
when really it was just a caching issue. Whenever I made changes in the HTML 
file, Chrome would immediatly update make the changes when I updated the page,
so I didn't think it could be a cache issue. Also I wouls add Bootstrap classes
to HTML elements and make changes in the CSS stylesheet, and stuff would change,
just not always how I wanted it to. It turned out the issue was it updating the
HTML page, but was grabbing the CSS stylesheet from the cache. So for 3 hours,
none of the style I added got applied.

I feel like an idiot, but at least now I know to look out for it. I also now
know that the Chrome setting to disable caching (which I had activated) only 
works when the Developer Tools app is open.

I also spent an hour and a half spinning my wheels trying to get the Bootstrap 
carousel to work. I was trying everything and looking up everything. In the end,
I figured out that both the Bootstrap website and the W3 website two different sets of examples. I assume 1 set is for Bootstrap 3 and the other for 
Bootstrap 4, but site explained that it was different between 3 and 4 at all.

I didn't do any of the optional or bonus tasks this week.
I did look at a tutorial on how to display images with specific aspect ratios.
The method works well, but is very clunky to implement initially considering 
how simple it should be.

Also, in the carousel, I have the contents of each carousel item wrapped in an 
anchor. It may look a bit odd, but it has purpose. If the anchor is wrapped 
around the img tag, the the caption text is not a part of the link. It isn't 
much of an issue except if their is a lot of text on a phone, it's really easy 
to hit the text, which causes no action to be taken. By wrapping the anchor 
around all the contents, this issue is avoided. Since the controls are applied 
afterwards, they aren't affected by the anchor, thus still work properly.  